[core] Move stream reconnect logic to getReadable level (#1847)
vercel/workflow: docs/content/docs/deploying/world/vercel-world.mdx

- **Data residency** - The Vercel World is currently deployed in the `iad1` region. This means independently of the deployment location of your application, the data for your workflows will be stored in the `iad1` region.

> - **Stream routes need `supportsCancellation`** - Routes that pipe `run.getReadable()` back to a client keep running — and billing — until the function's max duration, even after the client disconnects. Set [`supportsCancellation`](https://vercel.com/docs/functions/functions-api-reference#cancel-requests) in `vercel.json` for those routes so client aborts tear the invocation down. See [Streaming — Resuming Streams from a Specific Point](/docs/foundations/streaming#resuming-streams-from-a-specific-point).

Author: ```suggestion
- **Stream routes need `supportsCancellation`** - Routes that pipe `run.getReadable()` back to a client keep running — and billing — until the function's max duration, even after the client disconnects. Set [`supportsCancellation`](https://vercel.com/docs/functions/request-cancellation) in `vercel.json` for those routes so client aborts tear the invocation down. See [Streaming — Resuming Streams from a Specific Point](/docs/foundations/streaming#resuming-streams-from-a-specific-point).
```
